**MEETING 1** Thursday 3rd February - Zoom meeting

Points of discussion for this meeting:
- Choose which software is going to be used for communication
- Brainstorm ideas for our web application

After talking about our preferred way of communication we concluded that we were going to use Discord for messaging and Zoom for the meetings. We also agreed on using Trello as our main software for planning. 

We discussed about the different possible ideas that we could choose to develop for this project and we came up with three different ideas:
1. Map where you can see everyone that is a registered member of the app in the form of an avatar (regardless of if they have added you as a friend before). Everyone would have their username for other social media platforms linked in their avatar, as well as a picture, that way you can easily have a way to follow each other on social media.
2. Web application exclusive for UoB members where, after specifying your course and year, you can find and post videos and links to resources that can be helpful. In every video there is a discussion area where students can share their thoughts on the video, or ask questions about the topic covered.
3. Deliveroo type app but made for students, where it would be easy to find cheap food by working directly with local providers.

After debating the advantages and disadvantages of the ideas, we concluded that we wanted to develop the second idea. 
We decided to leave until next Monday to make a final decision on the idea for the project, in case someone came up with another one. We also agreed that for the next meeting we would have set up our git accounts and we would have brainstormed about name ideas for our website.

Team members that attended the meeting : sry000, yxx055, dgd087, axl061 


**MEETING 2** Monday 7th February - Zoom meeting

Points of discussion for this meeting:
- Project management practices we are going to be using
- Choose which software is going to be used for the kanban board
- Choose a title 

In this meeting we started talking about what Agile practices we wanted to use to manage this project. We came to the conclusion that the methodology that suited our project best was SCRUM. We thought that it would be helpful for us to divide our workload into sprints that way we are going to be able to tackle the milestones proposed easily. We will be updating our previos kanban board made in Trello to fit this new approach.

We also discussed the possible names for our project and we thought it could be a good idea to name it after Old Joe, as it is something to do with all of the students from UoB. We left this discussion open as not all of the members of the team were present.

It was also discussed during this meeting the different tasks that we would have to have finished by the end of the first sprint - 3rd week. We assigned the tasks in pairs and we agreed to discuss them and review them together in our following meetings, this way everyone can have a say in the different parts of the project. We concluded that the assignment of tasks would be confirmed in the next meeting.

Team members that attended the meeting : sry000, yxx055, dxw083 (joined the called but seemed to not be there), Ainara 


**MEETING 3** Tuesday 8th February - Zoom meeting

Points of discussion for this meeting:
- Choose which software is going to be used for the mock up
- Develop trello board

In this meeting we have talked about the software we are going to be using for the mock up, which is going to be balsamiq.
We have also confirmed what tasks each member is working on.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061

**MEETING 4** Wednesday 9th February - Tutor Meeting (Zoom)

This was our weekly session with our tutor. As we did not meet last week, we have talked about our idea and about the issues we were having as a team. He recommended that we focus on the short term goals, such as the Personas (he emphasized the importance of the accessibility and its presence in the personas documents), or the mock up. We gave him an overview on our mock up and he made some recommendations to improve it.

Team members that attended the meeting: yxx055, axl061


**MEETING 5** Sunday 13th February - Zoom meeting

Points of discussion for this meeting:
- Validate mock up and personas
- Establish deadlines for the deliverables

We used this meeting to go over our mock up together and talk about the parts that we could improve and we discussed some other features that we could add. We agreed on developing the Sign Up pages of the website, to show how the user is going to be able to choose their course and year so that we can tailor the content that they have access to. Another feature that had to be added was the possibility of posting your own video links to share with other students. We had to add as well a place to edit the uploded videos so that users can change things as the description of the video they had previously posted.  
After this, we scheduled some deadlines and meetings for the next week to be able to get on time to the milestone 1 deadline which is also our sprint 1 deadline. For this we agreed on having the mock up ready as well as the personas for Tuesday. That way we will be able to review them with the tutor on our weekly meetings. 
For the personas we decided to change the format that we were initially using, we also thought that it would be a good idea to add two other personas to cover more possible user profiles.

Team members that attended the meeting: yxx055, axl061, sry000, dgd087, dxw083

**MEETING 6** Tuesday 15th - Zoom meeting

Points of discussion for this meeting:
- Finalize the mock up and personas
- Plan video recordings

We had scheduled the deadlines for our mock up and personas for this day so we went over them. For the mock up we decided to make some changes on the _edit user details_ page and to add a list of modules for the user to choose from when they post a video. For the personas we talked about the format we wanted to use, and we decided to go for the one linked in the milestone1 document from the module page in canvas. We also talked about how we were going to cover the needs of our personas in our web application (for example how to adapt to people with colour blindness). 
After this, we assigned everyone the task of working on the script/main points of discussion of at least one video. We tought this might be a good idea as it would speed up the process of recording the deliverables. 

Team members that attended the meeting: yxx055, sry000, dgd087, axl061

**MEETING 7** Wednesday 15th - Tutor Meeting (Zoom)

This was our weekly meeting with our tutor. The plan for this meeting was to go over the different deliverables we had to send for the milestone1 so that we could get some feedback. Firstly, we showed him our diary entries and the trello board. We explained how we were using them in order to make our work easier. He wanted to make sure if they were working for us, if they were not slowing us down, but we all agreed that it actually made our work clearer and easier to follow. After this, we went over the mock up. The tutor suggested a couple of changes and proposed making it more colourful, however after talkign about this we decided to keep the colour palette as it is beacause we have done some research into the topic and the colours we have chosen are good for most people that suffer from some type of colour blindness. 

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, axl061, dgd087

**MEETING 8** Thursday - Zoom meeting

Points of discussion for this meeting: 
- Recording of the videos

This meeting was scheduled for recording the mock up and the kanban board videos. Firt we spend some time figuring out how to record a zoom meeting. After this we recorded the videos. We were then ready to send all of our documents for milestone 1.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, dgd087, axl061, dxw083


**MEETING 9** Wednesday 23rd (morning) - Zoom meeting

This was our weekly meeting with our tutor. Firstly, as one of the deliverables of milestone 2 is choosing the best agile practice for our project and implementing it, our tutor went through the main Agile practices that are used and talked about the benefits of using them, he recommended we decide which ones we are going to be using as soon as possible. 
After this we discussed about the technology stack that we had chosen for programming the web application. As we had previously discussed this is going to be HTML, CSS and JavaScript for the front-end, django for the backend and MySQL for the database.

Team members that attended the meeting: yxx055, axl061

**MEETING 10** Wednesday 23rd (afternoon) - Zoom meeting

Points of discussion for this meeting: 
- Technology stack
- Agile practices for programming
- Subtasks allocation

After talking to our tutor today, we knew that one of our priorities was choosing an Agile practice that suited our project. Taking into the account how many people we are in the team and what we want our web application to look like we have decided that we are going to keep using SCRUM for organising the project and when it comes to programming we are going to be doing pair programming.
Also, we confirmed who was going to be focusing on the front-end and who was going to be focusing on the back-end. After deciding this, we talked about how we were going to upskill ourselves in order to be able to work on the project, as some of us do not have previous experience on the programming languages that we are going to be using. 
Finally, we scheduled that week's meetings, that way it is going to be easier for everyone to have in mind when this calls are as we are trying to avoid to have meetings where not the whole team is present.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061, dxw083


**MEETING 11** Friday 25th - Zoom meeting

Points of discussion for this meeting: 
- CI pipeline masterclass

We had agreed on working on the CI pipeline masterclass before this meeting, so in this call we tried to fix individually the errors that we were getting so that we could all have our example CI pipelines set up. We thought this might be useful for implementing our own CI pipeline in our project. The technology stack chosen in the masterclass is different to ours but it helped us understand how it works. 
After fixing the erros we discussed in further detail how we were going to organise the coding part of the project and we sheduled the next meetings.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061, dxw083

**MEETING 12** Monday 25th - Zoom meeting

Points of discussion for this meeting: 
- Project skeleton (initial files)
- Establish deadlines

During this meeting we talked about thes structure of our web application and we went through the documents that we had pushed into our git repository to haev a better understanding of where we stand. We also briefly discussed how we are going to develop the database for our web application and the different components that it should include. 
After this, we established deadlines for the different sub-tasks of this milestone delivery. This helps us have a clearer idea of what are our priority tasks. 

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061, dxw083, dgd087


**MEETING 13** Wednesday 25th - Tutor meeting (Zoom)

This was our weekly tutor meeting. Firstly, we talked about how we were organising the different subtasks of milestone 2. We discussed what our mvp was going to look like and what features we wanted to add so that we have a product to deliver but also so that it is feasible to do for the time we have left to do it. 
We also talked about the difficulties we are having for developing the CI pipeline for django as what we have been taught in class was done using a different technology stack. 

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061, dxw083, dgd087


**MEETING 14** Monday 7th - Discord meeting

Points of discussion for this meeting: 
- Going over some coding errors
- Organising the development of the front-end templates

We started this meeting by going through every person in the team and if any of us had an issue with their code we chared our screen and tried to solve it together. We have adquired this working method as an adaptation of pair programming, as not all of us live in the same city it is easier for us to do it this way. We are finding it to be really useful as we normally solve our code problems easily this way.
After doing this, we realized that some of the problems we were having were being caused by not implementing bootstrap the right way, so we agreed that it was going to be something that we would going to focus on the next days, upskilling ourselves in bootstrap.
Finally, we talked about the models design of our database and how we were going to implement it.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061, dxw083, dgd087


**MEETING 15** Wednesday 9th - Discord meeting

Points of discussion for this meeting: 
- Substask deadline scheduling
- Finalising front-end

In this meeting, we have gone over the different html/css/js files that we had and we have proposed changes that we could make to improve them. We have also agreed on making some changes to our current applications organisation inside of our django project to accomodate our database design better.
Also, we have discussed what things we could be working on apart from our main focus derivable at the moment which is the mvp to be on track. For this, we have discussed the agile methodologies that we are implementing and tghe best way to show them for one of the derivables. 

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061, dgd087

**MEETING 16** Friday 11th - Tutor meeting (Zoom)

We started this weekly tutor meeting by talking about what progress had been made since last week's meeting. We went through each derivable and explained how we were doing and if we were on track to finish them by the deadline. We discussed the different subtasks that had to be done for finishing the mvp and we agreed that we had to make some progress on linking the front end to the back end. 
We also talked about the agiles methods we are using and our technology stack. Finally, we discussed how our team is working and we agreed that we were finding it challenging to work efficiently as a team as not all of the team members attend all of the meetings.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061

**MEETING 17** Monday 14th - Discord meeting

Points of discussion for this meeting: 
- Joining back-end and front-end
- Fixing CI pipeline 

At the beginning of the meeting we shared our screen to try to fix an issue we were having with the CI pipeline. We had to make some changes but it eventually worked. After this, we talked about how we were going to link the back-end and the front-end. We also discussed how to organise things as some of the team members are not actively attending the meetings so we needed to maek some decissions in terms of what to do in case not all of us work on the project equally.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061

**MEETING 18** Monday 14th - CS Building

We attended one of the clinic to ask the module lead one question about how to fix an issue we were having with our CI pipeline. He added a configuration to our test code that made it pass the test.

**MEETING 19** Wedesday 16th - Tutor meeting (Zoom)

This was our weekly tutor meeting. We talked about the progess we had made on the different derivables. We discussed a problem we were having with our pipeline, as the tests were running and reaching the time out without finishing, so we could not know if the pipeline was good or if there were changes to make. We also agreed on trying to speed up the process of linking our back end and front end as it is an important part that we had not worked on enough.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061, dxw083

**MEETING 20** Thursday 17th - CS Building

Points of discussion for this meeting:
- Finishing CI pipeline
- Working on forms

For this meeting, we decided to meet in person in order to try not remote pair programming. We were working on two main things, firstly speeding up the process of developing the forms to connect back-end and front-end. For this, we had a group doing some research into the subject and writing code for it. At the same time, we were working on finishing the CI pipeline as we only had the last step left; adding in the deploy part of the yml file the nginx configuration. 
We progressed a lot in the developing of our forms and we concluded the meeting having a working CI-CD pipeline.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061, dxw083


**MEETING 21** Monday 21st - Discord

Points of discussion for this meeting:
- Discussing team members absences/lack of collaboration and possible solutions
- APIs 

We started this meeting by discussing how the absences, as well as the lack of hours put into the project by some of the team members was affecting our performance as well as disproportionately increasing the time other team members had to commit to working on the web application. We discussed the possible solutions and when were we going to scalate this issue again so that the module team is aware of the issue. 
After this, we talked about the developement of the APIs for linking the front-end and the back-end and we agreed on meeting the day after in person to work on it together.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061, dxw083


**MEETING 22** Tuesday 22nd - CS Building

Points of discussion for this meeting:
- Get an initial version of the mvp

In this meeting, we focused on getting a first version of the mvp working, by refining the front-end and linking it correctly to the back end.
We had to work on sending the correspondent information from the back-end to the front-end. We also realized that we had not fully finished one important page for the front-end so we worked on that as well.

Team members that attended the meeting: axl061, sry000, yxx055, dxw083(attended half of the meeting), dgd087(attended half of the meeting)


**MEETING 23** Wednesday 23rd - CS Building/Discord

Points of discussion for this meeting:
- Developing js files for video pages

Our main goal for this meeting was to write the java script files that were going to allow the back-end to send the relevant video to the front-end so that by using the youtube api the video could be displayed. We also scheduled the next meetings to get on time to the delivery of milestone 2.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061, dgd087

**MEETING 24** Thursday 24th (morning) - Zoom

Points of discussion for this meeting:
- Recording the agile methodologies videos

In this meeting we recorded a video to explain the different agile methodologies that we had used. We showed our trello board which was used for using SCRUM and we also talked about how we had been implementing remote pair programming as well as code review sessions.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, yxx055, axl061, dgd087, dxw083

**MEETING 25** Thursday 24th (afternoon) - CS Building

Points of discussion for this meeting:
- Providing an specific module page with its videos
- Finalisig mvp

We scheduled this meeting to make the back-end of our project provide the correspondent videos for each module page. This was the last thing we had to do for having a minimum variable product ready for the deadline. We also went through the other derivables to check if they were correct.

Team members that attended the meeting: sry000, axl061, yxx055

**MEETING 26** Wednesday 27th 2022 - Zoom

This was our weekly tutor meeting. 

Team members that attended the meeting : sry000, axl061
Absent team members : yxx055, dgd087, dxw083

Points discussed:
- Lack of engagement to the project over the holidays
- Completing tutor's form that covered the progress made and what was left to do to deliver milestone 3
- Possibility of requesting an extention as team's enagement to the project has been inequal
- Importance of working on the team's contribution report to reflect the engagement issues

Next steps:
- Ainara is going to work on the register feature (basic register application has already been implemented but she will add the personalization part of the application - choosing school and course feature). Also, she will work on completing the contribution report.
- Sam will complete the API documentation as well as implementing some back end features to provide with information from the database to the front end (primarely for the post video feature)
- The rest of the group did not get any task assigned as they did not attend the meeting or send/reply to any email/messages.

**MEETING 27** Wednesday 27th April 2022 - Discord

Team members that attended the meeting : sry000, axl061
Absent team members : yxx055, dgd087, dxw083

Points discussed:
- How to make the choose school and choose course pages work and how to implement the api correctly
- Establishig short term goals to being able to get to the deadline on time
- Applying for an extention

Next steps:
- Ainara has to fill in the form to ask for a week long extention. She is going to implement the apis to make the complete registration application work
- Sam has to work on completing the API documentation and the apis calls

**MEETING 28** Monday 2nd May 2022 - Discord

Team members that attended the meeting : sry000, axl061, dgd087
Absent team members : yxx055, dxw083

Points discussed:
- Code review of the registration feature
- Assigning tasks to the members that had not attended the last meetings
- Creating a new runner as our digital ocean subscription run out of credit

Next steps:
- David will work of implementing the post video page. Allen will work on it with him (he did not attend this meeting but he was notified by message)
- Sam will review the registration code and will continue working on the API documentation
- Ainara will continue working on the contribution report and will try to finalise the registartion page once the code has been reviewed

**MEETING 29** Tuesday 3rd May 2022 - Discord

Team members that attended the meeting : sry000, axl061, dgd087, yxx055
Absent team members : dxw083

Points discussed:
- Developing of post video functionality
- Changing runner to fix CI pipeline
- Working on register functionality - getting choose school page to work
- Doing some reaserch into how to change the web application appearance (accessibility)

Next steps:
- David will continue working on providing the database with the information from the post page page
- Ainara needs to work on the individual report for the delivery 3.2 and keep developing the choose course page
- Sam is going to continue working on the API documentation and the choose course page

**MEETING 30** Wednesday 4th 2022 - Zoom

This was our weekly tutor meeting. 

Team members that attended the meeting : axl061
Absent team members : yxx055, dgd087, dxw083, sry000

Points discussed:
- Went through the weekly progress questionnaire
- What to do if we do not get an anwer for our request of domain
- How to complete the proffesional issues part on the contribution document

Next steps:
- Ainara is going to arrange a meeting for everyone to agree on the content of the contribution report and sign it

**MEETING 31** Wednesday 4th May 2022 - CS building

Team members that attended the meeting : axl061, sry000, yxx055
Absent team members : dxw083, dgd087

Points discussed:
- Fixing pipeline error
- Establishing short term deadlines
- Scheduling next in person meeting

Next steps:
- Allen will work on implementing an accessibility feature (changing appareance of the web applicaton)
- Ainara will finish derivable 3.2
- Sam will finish derivable 3.1
- We are meeting next day at 2pm in the cs building to do some pair programming

**MEETING 32** Thursday 5th May 2022 - CS building

Team members that attended the meeting : axl061, sry000, yxx055, dgd087
Absent team members : dxw083

Points discussed:
- Agreeing on what % of the total work has been done by each member
- Working on finalising the choose-course files
- Continue working on the change of appareance feature

Next steps:
- We have agreed on the following contribution percentages : yxx055 - 20%, dxw083 - 1%, dgd087 - 9%, axl061 - 40%, sry000 - 30%
- Ainara will change the structure of the team contribution report
- David will finalise with the post video functionality
- Allen will continue working on developing the accessibility features

**MEETING 33** Friday 6th May 2022 - CS building

Team members that attended the meeting : axl061, sry000, yxx055, dgd087, dxw083(beginning)
Absent team members : none

Points discussed:
- Fixing permission errors in api calls
- Implementing save video feature
- Migrating change colour feature to git lab

Next steps:
- Ainara is going to work on finishing the Save Video page
- Sam is going to research on how to fix the permission issue
- Allen will write the accessibility report
- Wu Di will work on the comments sections (he was told not do this as it is unlikely that it will be finished on time and it will not have any effect on the contribution report but insisted on doing it)

**MEETING 34** Monday 9th May 2022 - Discord

Team members that attended the meeting : axl061, sry000, yxx055, dgd087
Absent team members : dxw083

Points discussed:
- Fixing deploy version of application not accepting java script files
- Fixing saved videos functionality - button not working
- Finalising post video functionality
- Finishing contribution report draft

Next steps:
- Everyone needs to review and sign the contribution report
- Allen is going to work on fixing the cookies error in the deployed version
- David will finalise the post video page functionalities

**MEETING 35** Tuesday 10th May 2022 - Discord

Team members that attended the meeting : axl061, sry000, yxx055, dgd087
Absent team members : dxw083

Points discussed:
- Validate contribution report
- Make sure trello board is up to database
- Make main menu work
- Work on edit profile page

Next steps:
- Ainara will write work on writing the script for the final demonstration video
- Allen will work on the accessibility video
- Sam will take a look at the different functionality and check that everything works

**MEETING 36** Thursday 12th May 2022 - Discord

Team members that attended the meeting : axl061, sry000, yxx055, dgd087
Absent team members : dxw083

Points discussed:
- Sign contribution report
- Fix that javascript files where not getting updated in deployed version
- Make post video look better
- Fix cookies problem
- Agree on scripts for the videos
- Record videos

Next steps:
- Ainara will edit the videos and make sure that every docuement is ready to be sent
